---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-21T01:37:11.189Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-21T01:37:10.871Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-21-3cfc05b5-3e6b-4d14-93cb-100ca482fa75.md
published: true
url: 3cfc05b5-3e6b-4d14-93cb-100ca482fa75/index.html
_type: Article

---
British School of Zanzibar

> [www.zanzibar.org][0]
> 
> is co --educational private school, from Nursery -- Year 6\. Our enrolments are currently just over 90 students. We have dynamic teaching staff and access to the latest in educational supplies and equipment.  
> 
> BSZ school is a private Tanzania school with a very advanced English program.  
> 
> Our school is dedicated to encouraging each individual to achieve their best.  
> 
> BSZ school is located in Kisauni near Zanzibar Airport.  
> 
> Living condition for foreign teachers are very comfortable and we find that teachers enjoying living here.  
> 
> We are currently recruiting for a full time Year 1 -- 6 teacher  
> 
> BSZ Provides  
> 
> • Living allowance  
> 
> • Shared Accommodation facility  
> 
> • Resident and Working permit expenses  
> 
> • Renewable Contract for 1 year  
> 
> • Hot lunch when school is open  
> 
> Responsibilities and Requirements  
> 
> The successful candidate will need to:-  
> 
> • Show genuine interest and passion for working with children  
> 
> • Have knowledge and experience of programming and planning for children age (3 -- 14) years  
> 
> • Be able to observe and record children's learning and development.  
> 
> • Plan, develop, and teach programs that cater for the needs of each individual child.  
> 
> • Be able to maintain open communications with work colleagues in building and maintaining supportive and encouraging team environment.  
> 
> • Keep abreast of educational development  
> 
> • Keep accurate and update ongoing records and prepare reports  
> 
> • Undertake administrative task as required.  
> 
> Requirement:-According to Zanzibar Ministry of Education, candidate must have bachelor's degree of Education, Psychology or Sociology and be native in English language.  
> 
> If you are interested please email[smilefuture@zanlink.com][1]
> 
> in the first instance send a one page letter regarding your interest and attach your resume with copy of your educational certificates, and copy of passport.



[0]: http://www.zanzibar.org/
[1]: mailto:smilefuture@zanlink.com