---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-21T01:44:53.921Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-21T01:43:07.978Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-19-975a8138-26f7-4ea6-a361-153ff294c092.md
published: true
url: 975a8138-26f7-4ea6-a361-153ff294c092/index.html
_type: Article

---
JOB OFFER FROM THE BEAUTIFUL COASTAL CITY - SOKCHO

\* Benefit and Working Conditions

- Location: Sokcho, Gangwon-do  
- Starting date: June 2016  
- Schedule: Monday ~ Friday  
- Working Hours: No more than 27 hours a week (starting time 2;30 pm)  
- Salary: 2.0 million won  
- Teaching target: Elementary / Middle Schooler  
- Required Qualifications: 4 yr. college diploma, FBI crime record apostilled, physical check, native English teachers  
- Housing: Furnished two-bedroom apartment (5~10 minute walk from the school / neatly maintained)  
- Vacation: 10 days paid vacation a year + all national holidays  
- Air Fair  
- National Pension Plan / Health insurance: 50% paid by the school  
- Severance: Equal to one month salary (on completing the contract)

\* About Kims School

- Kims School is a small English academy in Sokcho city that has been operating for about 10 years. We are small compared to big franchised institutes but have gained a reputation of quality and friendly instruction here. We limit the maximum number of the students on a class and try to provide a learning-friendly environment for both students and teachers.

\* About Sokcho

- Sokcho is a city in Gangwon-do province, South Korea. The city attracts many national and international tourists, not only because of Seorak-san, but also because of its fine fishery products. The beach of Sokcho has a good reputation although it is only open for 42 days every year. There are natural hot springs in Sokcho, some of which have been developed into spas and pleasure swimming halls. There are also golf courses which are popular because of their natural surroundings.(from Wikipedia) If you are into outdoor activities like hiking, wind-surfing and climbing, this place is for you.

\* Contact

- If you have any questions or would like to apply, please contact us by email at

[sokchokimsschool@gmail.com][0]

with your resume and a photograph.

[0]: mailto:sokchokimsschool@gmail.com