---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-11T03:28:35.760Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-11T03:28:20.443Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-11-5c0170a1-fc16-448d-a861-0cabb14bd3b4.md
published: true
url: 5c0170a1-fc16-448d-a861-0cabb14bd3b4/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Unique Teaching Opportunity in Chiapas, Mexico**

> Dunham Institute  
> [academic-coordinator@dunhaminstitute.com][0]  
> [www.dunhaminstitute.com][1]
> 
> Welcome to the Dunham Institute. We´re a small, friendly and intimate language school based in the idyllic location of Chiapa de Corzo, the oldest town in the rural state of Chiapas in Mexico.
> 
> We provide affordable opportunities to the families of the local community to learn English from native speakers, creating a comfortable, enjoyable learning environment with a small dedicated team and we also use these classes to provide Teaching English as a Foreign Language (TEFL) training and hands-on authentic teaching experience for those wishing to begin a career teaching abroad.
> 
> The special relationship with our Mexican language students allows us to enjoy very close links with the community and provides unique and wonderful experiences for the staff that work with us and the trainees that enroll in our courses. If you're interested in experiencing real Mexican life in a fantastic location, consider our language exchange prgoram.
> 
> Language Exchange  
> Program benefits  
> You will gain valuable teaching experience with children, adolescents, as well as adults. In addition, you will be exposed to a variety of levels; beginners to upper intermediate being the most common.
> 
> The 5 month period is a good period of time necessary to see changes in your Spanish level. You will have the chance to practice, get to know your strengths and weaknesses, and how to improve on the latter.
> 
> You will be living in a total immersion environment with your host family and the local community, thereby ensuring constant exposure and practice of your Spanish.
> 
> You will receive 2 hours a day of Spanish instruction with teachers who are university educated with a minimum 5 years experience teaching Spanish as a Second Language.
> 
> You will have the chance to get to know your host family, the friends you make in the local community, and participate in the local festivals and traditions. Your host families and friends, in turn, will get the chance to know you and the ways of your country.
> 
> You will have easy access to workshops in dance, marimba, woodworking, pottery, lacquer painting and embroidery to let you get to know the traditions and ideas of Chiapa de Corzo and its people. 
> 
> If you are interested in the full range of extracurricular activities available, send us an email -[http://www.dunhaminstitute.com/contact.php][2]
> 
> Please note:We hire only TEFL, or the equivalent, certified teachers. This ensures that our quality of teaching is high, matching the standards of the institute.  
> 
> You must be willing to make a 5 month commitment, which is the length of our semester. This is either end of August to January or February to end of June.  
> 
> You will receive 2 hours of Spanish lessons a day Monday through Friday, in the mornings.  
> 
> You will be required to teach 3.5 hours of English to children, adolescents and adults from Monday to Friday, in the afternoons.  
> 
> You will receive housing with a local family for the length of your stay, which does not include meals.  
> 
> You will have 2 weeks off at Christmas and Easter and days off for all official holidays.  
> 
> There is no cost for this program.  
> 



[0]: mailto:academic-coordinator@dunhaminstitute.com
[1]: http://www.dunhaminstitute.com/
[2]: http://www.dunhaminstitute.com/contact.php