---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-28T13:54:38.091Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-28T13:54:37.450Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-28-373efee3-3600-4112-90c0-72b79f6ddb51.md
published: true
url: 373efee3-3600-4112-90c0-72b79f6ddb51/index.html
_type: Article

---
TEACH ENGLISH IN SOUTH KOREA

Asia Marketing Services (AMS) is a recruiting firm that specializes in placing experienced and beginning ESL teachers in schools throughout South Korea. We are looking for qualified candidates to fill teaching positions as they are needed. Spending part of your life working in Asia can be one of the more fulfilling experiences of your professional life. It is our hope to facilitate that experience for our teachers. Teaching ESL in Korea ranges from teaching English conversation to SAT and TOEFL preparation. Curriculum is provided in most cases.

JOB REQUIREMENTS:

- A minimum of Bachelor's degree in any field (English or Education majors are preferred)

- Excellent English language skills

- One year teaching commitment

\* No teaching experience required

\* Graduating seniors can apply now and start the process upon graduation.

BENEFITS:

- 2.10- 2.50 million Won (Korean currency) per month salary

-Free furnished housing

-Health Insurance

-Severance bonus of one-month's salary upon completion of contract (included in the above total monthly package)

-Overtime pay

-Paid vacation

-Either one-way or a round-trip airfare provided.

Visit our website:

[www.teachsouthkorea.com][0]

and apply on line, or E-mail us your resume and picture at

[donpark53@gmail.com][1]

[0]: http://www.teachsouthkorea.com/
[1]: mailto:donpark53@gmail.com