---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-28T13:59:30.240Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-28T13:59:19.356Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-28-6ec1c332-9e23-485c-9e94-bd3c8a366a23.md
published: true
url: 6ec1c332-9e23-485c-9e94-bd3c8a366a23/index.html
_type: Article

---
We are looking for ESL teachers for an international preschool in China. This preschool belongs to a well-known international education group which has over 100 schools across Asia. Together these schools provide high quality international education to over 10,000 children globally and 61 different nationalities. It has 7 International Baccalaureate (IB) World Schools and 2 IB candidate schools in its fold. This school offers inquiry based curriculum for students aged 2 to 6\.

Benefits:  
1\. Average monthly salary from 10000RMB to 15000RMB, according to your schools location and working hours plus bonus on the completion of your contract.  
2\. Up to 7000RMB airfare allowance for one at the beginning at the end of the contract.  
3\. Visa sponsorship in China (paid by company)  
4\. Free private apartment with all necessary furniture and internet access or housing allowance.  
5\. Medical insurance.  
6\. Free professional development trainings  
7\. Free mandarin lessons.  
8\. Free pick-up service from airport and free accommodation in Chengdu arranged before going to your specific schools location.

Requirements  
1\. Native English speakers from the USA, the UK, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Ireland and South Africa. Non-native speakers from Europe with excellent English.  
2\. Two years¡¯ working experience.  
3\. TEFL or TESL certificate  
4\. Responsible, easy-going and well-organized. The ideal Teacher should be fun, energetic, outgoing and have a high level of responsibility and authority and be more than capable of providing interesting and involving lessons for learners.

If you are interested and want to apply for these positions, please send us the information listed below:  
1\. Resume  
2\. First page of your passport (you can blackout your personal details like passport number)  
3\. Copy of your degree, diploma or any certificate which will indicate your education.  
4\. Recent photo

Email:[career.china@hotmail.com][0]

Keyon Education Services Co.ltd is a leading teacher recruitment consultancy based in China. It is officially registered at the State Administration for Industry & Commerce of the People¡¯s Republic of China. We aim to offer a rich cultural experience whilst providing a friendly and conformable living and working environment. It's also the perfect choice for anyone who wants to do an internship whilst learning Mandarin at the same time! Currently we work with schools, academies, universities and a wide range of commercial companies that are involved in the education sector.

[0]: mailto:career.china@hotmail.com