---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-08T14:56:33.226Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-08T14:55:40.134Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-08-4c6bf7ff-82dd-4db1-b9aa-8d0d8ca27edb.md
published: true
url: 4c6bf7ff-82dd-4db1-b9aa-8d0d8ca27edb/index.html
_type: Article

---
**International Admissions Counselor - Beijing, 
China**

> Due West Education is an international comprehensive education counseling 
> company. For over six years, our business has been unlocking human potential and 
> helping students from various demographic backgrounds and education systems 
> achieve their dreams. Our programs focus on delivering educational services that 
> both complement and supplement curricular experiences that students receive at 
> their academic institutions. Since our founding, we have combated the 
> unrealistic promises of agents, ineffective support from schools, misinformation 
> among parents, and the proliferation of for-profit high schools to become one of 
> the most established firms in China. And we're growing! 
> 
> Due West Education is seeking talented individuals to serve as Counselors on 
> our Undergraduate Admissions and Graduate & Career Services teams. 
> Counselors work directly with students, providing mentorship to develop their 
> intellectual curiosity, extra-curricular impact, and readiness for college or 
> graduate school. Competitive candidates will be able to thrive in a dynamic 
> business environment and share our commitment to providing clients with high 
> quality professional, ethical, and motivational advice as they navigate the 
> American college or graduate school application process. Our full-time positions 
> are based in Beijing, China. 
> 
> Responsibilities: 
> 
> Intellectual Stewardship   
> - Guide students through a process of 
> self-discovery, help them identify their interests and ambitions, brainstorm 
> authentic essay topics, and advise students on a comprehensive and cohesive 
> application angle.   
> - Provide detail-oriented guidance on all components of 
> students' college or graduate school applications, including school list 
> generation, personal statement development, resume polishing, and interview 
> preparation. 
> 
> Client Services   
> - Create and execute a plan for students' personal and 
> intellectual growth and realization of goals.   
> - Collaborate with parents and 
> Due West Parent Coordinators to facilitate students' development and provide 
> updates on their progress.   
> - Support families with the specific problems 
> faced by students applying from a global context. 
> 
> Additional Responsibilities   
> - Collaborate with Due West Course 
> Consultants in the sales process to represent the undergraduate team and educate 
> families about our programs.   
> - Represent Due West and provide support during 
> presentations, marketing events, and business development initiatives.   
> - 
> Contribute to the continued growth of a start-up education company by taking 
> advantage of skills in writing, presentation design, public speaking, data 
> management, and relationship building. 
> 
> Qualifications Required:   
> - Have fluent English skills, with strong 
> reading, writing, and public speaking abilities   
> - Bachelor's degree or 
> higher from an accredited American institution   
> - Desire to work on a 
> multi-cultural team in an international environment   
> - Creativity, 
> flexibility, and the ability to work cooperatively   
> - Strong critical 
> thinking and problem-solving skills   
> - Possess strong work ethic, 
> communication skills, and organizational and time management abilities   
> - 
> Desire to work in a fast-paced "start-up" environment   
> - Experience within 
> rigorous academic and/or work environments   
> - Interest in learning and 
> contributing to curriculum and program development   
> - Visa eligibility 
> (non-Chinese citizens): minimum two years post-baccalaureate work (or graduate 
> school) experience 
> 
> Qualifications Desired:   
> - Mandarin language ability (other East Asian 
> languages also helpful)   
> - Cultural awareness, adaptability, and interest in 
> China   
> - Previous experience in: Teaching or educational counseling; 
> Admissions; Development or fundraising; Project management; Direct customer 
> service; and/or Public communications   
> - Desire to grow into a leadership 
> position with increasing business development responsibilities   
> - Academic 
> background in math, science, engineering, architecture, or artistic design 
> 
> Compensation & Benefits Include:   
> - Competitive industry salary 
> commensurate with experience   
> - Full support in applying for and obtaining 
> work and residence permits (for international applicants)   
> - 17 days of paid 
> annual leave and all official Chinese public holidays, plus Christmas Day 
> 
> To Apply: Interested candidates for the Undergraduate Counselor and/or 
> Graduate & Career Services Counselor should email a resume and cover letter 
> to: Charlotte Arneson, Human Resources Manager, [arneson@duewesteducation.com][0]
> 
> About Due West Education 
> 
> Founded in 2009 and based in Beijing, China, Due West Education is a growing 
> and innovative education company passionate about helping students get the 
> information and resources they need to succeed in an increasingly global 
> society. This means providing transparent and comprehensive information for 
> students about educational opportunities around the world, and also preparing 
> these students to succeed once they have selected a program. 
> 
> Due West is particularly driven to combat the rise of predatory "admissions 
> agents," by constantly striving to provide high-quality, ethical consulting 
> without fail to each and every one of our clients. Our range of services include 
> helping students identify the best "fit" educational programs, helping guide 
> them through the admissions process, and providing in-depth classes about 
> succeeding in a competitive Western academic environment. 
> 
> Due West Core Values 
> 
> Integrity   
> Due West believes in the importance of integrity, honesty and 
> transparency in all of our interactions. We do not believe in taking short cuts 
> and will never compromise the trust that our students, parents and team members 
> place in us. 
> 
> Commitment   
> We are genuinely committed to our students and their families, 
> to our company mission and values, and to each other. These commitments foster a 
> culture of respect, cooperation and responsibility. 
> 
> Global Perspective   
> Due West believes in maintaining a global perspective 
> in a rapidly shrinking world. We value international experience and promote 
> cross-cultural understanding as a powerful means for individuals to broaden 
> their horizons and grow as students and professionals. 
> 
> Determination   
> Due West believes that with the right mix of talent, hard 
> work and, most importantly, determination, almost anything is possible. We aim 
> to foster this determination in each of our students as they strive to 
> accomplish their goals. 
> 
> Leadership   
> We encourage our students to be leaders in their schools and 
> communities and expect our team members to consistently develop their leadership 
> and managerial skills. 
> 
> Innovation   
> 
> Due West constantly strives to develop innovative products and 
> services to address our students' unmet needs. We always encourage our students 
> and team members to think outside the box and to engage in creative 
> problem-solving.   
> 



[0]: mailto:arneson@duewesteducation.com