---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-19T14:47:53.612Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-19T14:47:53.025Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-19-4291aea0-68e1-4ca2-88e0-4de622a04a2b.md
published: true
url: 4291aea0-68e1-4ca2-88e0-4de622a04a2b/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Teaching English to Kindergarten & Elementary Students in Suwon**

Hi, My name is Hae-young, Lee and I've been running an English language school named ONE English in Suwon, just south of Seoul since 1998\. We teach preschoolers and kindergarten students with 12 students per class in the morning and elementary students with 10 per class in the afternoon.

Currently we are looking for a trained, experienced, dedicated native English teachers who can join us asap.

We usually have 8~9 professional native teachers from USA, New Zealand, Australia, South Africa and Canada. There are a lot of resource books and materials available including "smartboard" in each classroom. Our courses are structured but have room for teachers' input. ONE is an English immersion school. Our students are not only Koreans but also Indians, Russians, Japanese, Taiwanese as well.

Here is the position available in detail:

Starting from Miminum 2,000,000 ~ 2,200,000 Korean Won (After tax):  
Teaching English to 6~12 years old students at a one on one teaching basis.  
Monday ~ Friday from 2:00pm to 6:60pm

Benefits:

1) The salary is after tax. School pays income tax on behalf of our teachers.  
2) Severance pay: 2 million won after completion of a 12 month contract.  
3) Accommodation: Two rooms full furnished apartment provided, within walking distance from the school.  
4) Return air tickets is provided.  
5) A Korean lunch is provided daily.  
6) 3 weeks paid holiday. Half in Summer and the rest in Winter. + All the national holidays.  
7) Medical support : We share 50% of costs.

We aim to keep a friendly work environment while maintaining a professional environment for teaching.

We are proud that all our teachers are qualified/certified/registered teachers in their own countries as a teacher.

We will only reply to those professional teachers. Thank you very much.

Our employment contract and our job descriptions are available upon request.  
We are also happy to give you our current or ex teachers' contact as our reference.

Ilook forward to hearing from you.

Best wishes,

Mr. Hae-Young, Lee / Director

Mobile : 010 2210 8385

E-mail: