---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-21T01:38:59.654Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-21T01:38:43.792Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-21-d5294122-4e82-427d-bb96-fa04c31fd14a.md
published: true
url: d5294122-4e82-427d-bb96-fa04c31fd14a/index.html
_type: Article

---
We offer competitive salaries with great new and clean apartments and fully sponsored Z-Visas. We have availability to start immediately.

WE OFFER

-First year teachers get 7500-10 0000/month (depending on experience).

-Fully paid Z visa.

-Paid fully furnished apartment near the school.

-8000RMB flight allowance.

-Airport pick up and any assistance you need to get settled in.

-Medical insurance.

-We offer 10 paid days off. When taking national holidays and paid vacant time in conjunction with weekends that comes down to around 30 days of away-time, so plenty of time to travel.

-Total of 21 teaching hours/week + office hours.

YOUR QUALIFICATIONS

-Native speaker from United States, Canada, Australia, Britain, or New Zealand.

-Bachelors degree and or TESOL, CELTA, or TEFL certificate preferred. (we value good energy and motivation to teach before all)

-Experience preferred

THE SCHOOL

We focus on higher quality education with smaller classes and great services such as a fully equipped foreign restaurant which is used in conjunction with classes to offer a great learning experience. The school includes multiple environments to use with our classes. We have an airplane, subway, restaurant, train, forest a downtown area and many more. Using these environments to compliment our classes creates a great learning experience for our students and is also an amazing tool for teachers.

THE CITY

The city we're located in is called Qinhuangdao (秦皇岛). It's a coastal city not very far from Beijing  
(2 1/2 hours by train). The city is known for great sightseeing places such as Shanhaiguan, 'First Pass Under Heaven', Laolongtou, the starting point of the Great Wall and also Baidaihe where a lot of people from everywhere come on vacation in summer time. Baidaihe is situated right by the sea. Summer nights are beautifully lit up, restaurants and a resort with live entertainment, beach fires and beachside restaurants, lounges and bars. The weather is quite comfortable getting not to hot in summer and not to cold in winter. It offers great air quality. The cost of living is much lower then bigger cities. A taxi ride to most places you'll need to go to will cost around $1\. Taking the the bus to go pretty much anywhere in the city is 15 cents.

If you're interested, please email the following to[olivierdelage32@gmail.com][0]:

Your date of availability  
An up-to-date resume  
A picture of your passport  
An image of university of diploma  
A recent photo  
Image of any teaching-related certificates, if any

Qinhuangdao S1 English improvement Center

NO.86 Mafang Street (King Street) Room.302

[0]: mailto:olivierdelage32@gmail.com