---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-10T17:31:14.605Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-10T17:31:05.366Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-10-51be0f6c-e352-46e7-893c-ca165d527247.md
published: true
url: 51be0f6c-e352-46e7-893c-ca165d527247/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Teachers Needed for Private School in Honduras**

Renacimiento School is a Private School with 33 years of experience in education.

We are currently recruiting experienced and dedicated English instructors for a full-time position in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, Central America. STARTING March 1st and ENDING on November 30th 2016,

JOB REQUIREMENTS:

1\. Must be a NATIVE SPEAKER OF English.  
2\. University degree: Bachelor's or Associates degree to teach English as a second language  
3\. Should have adequate teaching experience in the English industry and experience with children and teenagers.  
4\. Must be healthy physically and mentally, your job will start at 6:50 am and finish at 2:30 pm Monday to Friday and you will be required to work some Saturdays.  
You must to be willing to work at home, revising homework, exams etc...and planning your work for the week.  
5\. Please no visible tattoos or piercing.

TERMS OF EMPLOYMENT:  
1\. Position: Full-time English Teacher for elementary and middle school.  
2\. Salary $600 a month.  
3-Two Bonuses during the year!

BENEFITS:  
1\. Paid holidays plus 3 weeks of vacation during the year ( Spring Break, June and September)

2\. Medical Emergency assistance.

3\. Work permit or Visa extension and attorney fees, will be paid by the school.

4\. Free housing with all utilities paid in full. ( With Cable and internet included)

5-Free Spanish Lessons if you want to learn a second language.  
6\. Airfare assistance.

7\. Free celular phone will be provided for local calls only.

Please send you resume or CV and 2 recent photos to[r.educationalresourcesllc@gmail.com][0]

visit our web site

[0]: mailto:r.educationalresourcesllc@gmail.com