---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-10T18:21:30.045Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-10T18:21:17.074Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-10-72ac4eec-a6b5-4465-b5af-f35c7a5c56a2.md
published: true
url: 72ac4eec-a6b5-4465-b5af-f35c7a5c56a2/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Teach in Turkey**

> Just English is one of Turkey's top private language schools. There are teaching positions available at a number of locations for native English-speakers. Candidates must possess a university degree, be TEFL-certified (CELTA/TESOL preferred) and have a passion for teaching. Experience in teaching IELTS/TOEFL exams would be ideal.
> 
> Both full-time and part-time positions are available at branches in Istanbul, Bursa, Izmir and Ankara. We operate a 6 day working week (Saturday - Thursday) and offer a variety of different courses to all ages. Classes are mostly quite small, with under 10 students. Private lessons are also available. In our schools, we maintain a comfortable and friendly environment where teachers receive all necessary teaching materials, access to modern facilities and support and training from our dedicated staff.
> 
> Accommodation is available if required in comfortable apartments for teachers which are rent-free for the first 3 months. Rent-allowance is paid to full-time teachers who find their own accommodation. Airport pick-up is provided and our staff also assists new teachers in arranging legal matters such as their residence permit, accompanying them where necessary.
> 
> We offer a competitive salary which is negotiable based on experience and qualifications. Just English appreciates the hard work of our employees and, in recognition this, monthly bonuses are paid to our top-performing teachers.
> 
> Please send a recent photo of yours along with your English teaching certificates if you have any.
> 
> Email - [ik@justenglishtr.com][0]



[0]: mailto:ik@justenglishtr.com