---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-11T03:42:01.722Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-11T03:41:30.293Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-11-ac0b1023-e8e9-4554-961f-ac1b4d8bacf1.md
published: true
url: ac0b1023-e8e9-4554-961f-ac1b4d8bacf1/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Provincial government High School, RMB13000-15000, free accommodation, superb international curriculum**

A. Brief Instruction of SESS International Program

Shanxi Experimental Secondary School is one of the best high Schools which located in Taiyuan city, Shanxi province. SESS International program was established in 2004 and there have been more than 500 students who have successfully gone to study in top universities in America, Canada, Australia and Britain. Now we have superb AP and SAT curriculums which are based on American High School Education System and we are looking for excellent teachers who are willing to help our excellent Chinese students to go to American Top Universities.

B. About the City of Taiyuan  
Taiyuan, the capital of Shanxi Province, is bounded on three sides by mountains, and is only two-hours by railway from Beijing. It has a 2500-year history and in ancient times was an important military town. Shanxi Province, one of the oldest among historical provinces in China, covers 65% ancient architectures and has been one of the fast developing provinces around China.  
Living cost in Taiyuan is quite low, comparing with the salary you may attain. Taiyuan is a developing city which attracts more and more Foreigner to come and live here.

C. Job description  
Organize and implement courses  
Guide and encourage students to develop and fulfill their academic potential  
Assign the assessment to improve students¡¯ English Language Ability  
35 hours a week(25 teaching hours +10 office hours per week) + 2 days off

D. Requirements  
\* Native English speaker  
\* Bachelor's degree or above  
\* Over two year teaching experience (High School Teaching Experience preferred)  
\* TEFL/TESOL/CELTA Certificate required  
\* Age 25 to 55  
\* Patient, professional, responsible and self-motivated

E. We provide  
\* Average salary up to RMB 15000/month  
\* On-the-job training and workshops  
\* Paid winter vacation and national holidays  
\* Travel allowance  
\* School support in lesson planning and teaching materials  
\* Various Extra Curriculum Activities and School Activities  
\* Working Visa

F. How to apply for the position  
For those interested, please don¡¯t hesitate to contact us with the following documents:  
\* Resume & CV  
\* A scan of your passport  
\* A scan of your certificates  
\* A photo

G. Contact ways:

\* Contact person: Simon Sun

\* Skype: sunying7066

\* Wechat&QQ: 42906272

\* E-mail: [42906272@qq.com][0]

We are in Taiyuan. Come and Start your Journey to China with us.

[0]: mailto:42906272@qq.com