---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-28T13:55:31.469Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-28T13:55:30.771Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-28-9c71cf04-b70f-48a0-876a-418720e14f73.md
published: true
url: 9c71cf04-b70f-48a0-876a-418720e14f73/index.html
_type: Article

---
Our school, Golden Bridge Training Centre (GBTC) of Shengli Oilfield, has close connections with the local Education Department in Dongying. We provide oral English teachers to various primary and middle schools in the Dongying and Yellow River mouth region, as well as running English courses on our own school campus. With a history of over 10 years, GBTC has previously employed a number of foreign teachers, many of whom have stayed multiple years, including myself (I am currently serving my 5th year in Dongying with GBTC). We focus on providing interesting and enjoyable classes to young learners between the ages of 6 and 16 years.

Dongying itself is a modern city located close to the famous Yellow River mouth. It is a typical Chinese city with an abundance of great restaurants, shops and things to do around the city. There is also a strong, ever-growing community of teachers who regularly organise activities throughout the year, such as visits to water parks, walking around traditional villages, quiz nights and plenty more. If you would like to travel during the school holidays, it is only 5 hours by bus or a quick 45 minute flight to Beijing; we also have daily flights to Shanghai, Dalian, Chongqing and Haikou with new destinations being added all the time. Shandong itself is also incredibly beautiful, and Dongying has plenty of buses running around the province, should you wish to explore it.

We are now looking for 2 new primary school teachers to join our team, starting in September 2016\. Ideally you will have teaching experience in China, another foreign country or in your own country. A bachelor's degree in any discipline is required and a TESOL or equivalent certification is desirable, though not necessary.

An ability to plan and deliver classes which encourage student participation is essential. For teachers who have limited experience we will provide ongoing training to assist with your own growth as a teacher.

Position details:

- Teaching Monday to Friday, 4 classes per day (making 20 for the week). Each class is 40 minutes.

- Teachers have 2 and a half to 3 hours for lunch every day.

- No office hours.

- All textbooks and teaching resources are provided.

- The salary range is 7000 - 9000 Yuan per month which is negotiable depending on your experience and qualifications. The cost of living in Dongying is very low, and many of our teachers are able to save a good portion of their salary each month.

- A Chinese teaching assistant is provided for every class.

- A free, private and fully-furnished apartment is provided with all utilities paid for and within a short walking distance to your school.

- A free Chinese class is provided each week, should you wish to learn Mandarin.

- Medical/accident insurance provided.

- Z visa/ Residents Permit is provided.

- An airfare allowance of 8000 Yuan paid upon completion of the contract.

\* Please note: For visa purposes, we are currently only able to accept applications from native English speakers holding passports from the USA, Canada, UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand or South Africa \*  
To apply please e-mail your resume/CV, a brief covering letter, references, your passport information page and a recent photo to Adam Lunn on this address:

[goldenbridge\_adam@outlook.com][0]

/ goldenbridge\_adam @ outlook.com

[0]: mailto:goldenbridge_adam@outlook.com