---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-22T14:52:32.380Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-22T14:51:46.084Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-21-8064ee29-0db4-479d-b46f-ad236cc0cf59.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 8064ee29-0db4-479d-b46f-ad236cc0cf59/index.html
_type: Article

---
**After school prgram positions in Bundang, Suji, Suwon**

> Our company is presently seeking 3teachers to work in elementary public school in Gyung-gi area. Full curriculum support, training and student counseling provided. Maximum 25 teaching hours per week. We are looking for education professionals, with a love for children and great personal energy. I hope we will have a chance to work together. The following is information about the job and qualifications required. Have a great day !Our company is looking for professional, enthusiastic and independent teachers to work in after school programs for public elementary schools.
> 
> \* Starting Date : At the beginning of March
> 
> 1.Locations : Su-won (1 position)  
> A. Near Youngpoong-station(Line No1)
> 
> 2\. Near Bundang Area : 2 positions  
> A. Near Yatop station (1 position)  
> B. Sunae station (1position)
> 
> Job conditions:  
> 1\. Less than 25 contact teaching hours per week, Monday-Friday.  
> 2\. There are no fixed office hours but teachers are expected to commit time to adequately prepare lessons, for marking and for consulting with colleagues.  
> 3\. A maximum of 15 students per class.  
> 4\. Autonomy of teaching.  
> 5\. Fully supported program with initial and ongoing training provided by existing teachers.  
> 6.The curriculum, administration and parent counseling are provided by our company. The salary starts from 2.3million + 400,000 Housing allowance  
> =2.6(7)million won depending upon experience, plus performance based incentives.  
> A severance bonus (one month salary) will be paid on completion of the contract.  
> 7\. 10 days paid vacation in addition to Korean national holidays.  
> Accommodation:  
> 1.A single furnished apartment will be provided rent free in a location of your choice. We will provide rent if you already have an apartment.  
> 2.The company will supply a TV, a washing machine, a refrigerator and a bed.
> 
> Other:  
> 1\. Our company will pay for all visa costs.  
> 2.Medical insurance is provided on the basis of a 50/50 split in costs.
> 
> Required documents:  
> 
> 1\. Only persons entitled to an E2 visa, or holders of an F2 visa, should apply.  
> 
> 2\. A resume with a covering letter indicating your preferred location(s).  
> 
> 3\. A recent photo.  
> 
> 4\. The successful applicants will need a sealed, stamped copy of their university transcripts, the original of their university degree and an apostilled police check for visa issuance. The new visa regulations will come into force after we fill these positions, therefore interviews for new E2 applicants at Korean embassies will not be required. All successful applicants will be required to pass a medical test in Korea. We look forward to hearing from suitable applicants. Please apply by email to:[jealogy@naver.com][0]
> 
> Contact me at 010-2653-6042  
> 



[0]: mailto:jealogy@naver.com