---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: Are you interested in teaching in Thailand in May 2016 for one term or longer?
datePublished: '2016-03-17T02:58:10.101Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-17T02:56:31.703Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-17-2d22a11f-a145-4d0a-a3dc-c08811c0bd63.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 2d22a11f-a145-4d0a-a3dc-c08811c0bd63/index.html
_type: Article

---
Are you interested in teaching in Thailand in May 2016 for one term or longer?

We are looking for teachers who are available to teach in Thailand for the term beginning in mid May 2016\. We have a variety of positions available throughout Thailand, teaching a range of ages.

For more information on what the course entails and what you can expect, please see our website:[http://echo-english.com/teachers][0]

Echo English will be holding an induction in the first week of May for successful applicants to meet and get to know the company. There are two options for successful applicants:

1\. Induction + guaranteed job (free)

The one day induction will be held in Bangkok, and gives teachers the opportunity to network, hear more about Echo and meet the staff at Echo English. During the Induction, the staff of the company will introduce themselves and tell you what you can expect from your placement, and us, over the next 4 / 5 months of teaching.

They will give you advice and support on getting to your school, what to expect, and answer any questions you might have regarding teaching and/or the placement process. This is also an excellent opportunity for our new teachers to get to know each other before the start of term.

2\. 3 day TEFL + induction + guaranteed job (80 GBP)

The 3 day TEFL is ideal for applicants who are interested in learning teaching techniques specific for teaching in Thailand, or for teachers who would like to have a refresher course. It's also a great way to get to know other teachers and the staff.

During the 3-day TEFL, the trainers will be able to give you some guidance and pointers on what how you should approach and structure lessons according to TEFL and also Thai culture. Over the 3 days you will get to know both your trainers and co-trainees alike and you'll gain the confidence and techniques needed to walk into to the classroom prepared and ready to embrace the next 4-5 months of teaching in Thailand!

Requirements:

- Native English speaker  
- Bachelor degree  
- TEFL certificate / teaching experience  
- Reliable and enthusiastic

What we offer:

- Guaranteed paid job to successful applicants  
- 30,000 Baht per month  
- Work permit cost covered  
- Assistance with obtaining a non immigrant B visa  
- Assistance with finding accommodation  
- Support throughout your time with us

How to apply:

Send your CV and a recent photo to[echoteam@echo-english.com][1]and tell us what program you are interested in.

We will contact successful applicants for a Skype interview.

For more information about either the Induction + Job or 3-day TEFL + Job option, please visit our website

[http://www.echo-english.com/teachers][2]

[0]: http://echo-english.com/teachers
[1]: mailto:echoteam@echo-english.com
[2]: http://www.echo-english.com/teachers