---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-21T01:40:18.065Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-21T01:40:09.103Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-21-fdb74d46-be8b-46cd-a3c5-70dc2a51db6a.md
published: true
url: fdb74d46-be8b-46cd-a3c5-70dc2a51db6a/index.html
_type: Article

---
We are looking for two native English teachers for our English Academy and Kindergarten in Apgujeong, at Sinsa Dong 649-4\. One position is a standard English Teacher role, and one position is a more specialized Science Teacher. We are looking for Bill Nye-level of enthusiasm for the subject, and preferably a degree in a natural science field, but extensive knowledge of the subject could suffice (these are smart kids who will call you on your BS :)

Our school is very different from other hagwons. Founded by an American and Swedish couple in 2013 as an after-school academy, it is a genuinely fun environment with small classes (4-8 students) and lesson plans geared around speaking, performing, Science, Literature, Social Studies, and Debate, with plenty of games and activities. Founded in September of 2013, we now have 10 foreign teachers and over 150 students, ages 5-12\. We are located in the heart of Seoul in Apgujeong. You can read more on our website: GangnamEnglishAcademy.com.

This is not a job for people who just go through the motions of teaching. We are looking for smart, dynamic, fun, and very enthusiastic people. We value high performing teachers, treat them like professionals, and reward them accordingly.

Requirements:  
Experience with teaching children, preferably in Korea  
Fluent, native English  
Love for kids, great attitude, flexible mind, willing to try new methods  
Creative approach to solving problems and getting the best out of kids  
Smart, fun, kind, enthusiastic

Compensation:  
KRW 3.0 - 3.5 million per month, depending on schedule, experience, and abilities  
Performance bonuses  
Health insurance and Pension  
One month severance pay at end of contract  
Housing and airfare is possible, and can be factored into salary  
15 days paid time off, in addition to Korean holidays  
Schedules are flexible and depend on each teacher's needs and preferences. But generally, working hours will be 40 hours per week. For Kinder teachers 9:30-6:30 M-F (with lunch break), for After School Teachers 12:30-8:30\.

To apply for one of these positions, please send your resume to

[jobs@gangnamenglishacademy.com][0]

.

[0]: mailto:jobs@gangnamenglishacademy.com