---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-17T03:02:52.823Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-17T03:02:19.146Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-17-a8f79eab-a4cb-42a8-a6a7-347eb5a63497.md
published: true
url: a8f79eab-a4cb-42a8-a6a7-347eb5a63497/index.html
_type: Article

---
About the Job / School

Our school is dedicated to creating an environment where both students and teachers can grow and advance in various aspects of life. Anyone can teach just as we believe anyone can learn. We challenge the traditional methods of language teaching and embraces unconventional yet effective language learning methods. We recognize that our teachers bring their own gifts and talents and we encourage them to share and continue developing those skills in their teaching. We accomplish this by taking each teacher's strengths into account when matching him or her with students. We invite teachers to work one-on-one or in small groups so that teachers can focus on language relevant to the student(s), which helps engage students and thereby increases the effectiveness of language learning. Our teachers work with students of various ages from children to adults even at the age of two and three when the peak of a child's aptitude for language acquisition is highest.

Requirements

- Native English speaker

- Associate / Bachelor or a vocational school degree

- Young learner teaching experience preferred

- Clean criminal record

- Patient, passionate, energetic and enjoy working with young learners

- 3 months commitment

Please note: 6 / 9 / 12 month contracts are also available

Compensation Package

- Monthly salary:

First 3 months: 20,000 - 30,000 Rubles

After 3 months: 80,000 to 190,000 Rubles (Depends on the length of the contract)

- 300 to 1,200 USD contract completion bonus (Depends on the length of the contract)

- Free full furnished share apartment (Wi-Fi & utilities paid for)

- Unlimited transportation pass

- Legal support including visa support and foreigner registration

- Full teacher training and support

- Transportation to and from the airport

- Promotion opportunities

APPLY NOW \>\> apply@onthemarktefl.com

(Please send the following documents to us)

- Job ref \# in your email title:

\#Russia

- Resume (Please include your phone number, Skype ID, nationality and date of birth)

- Degree certificate (scan)

- Clean criminal record

- Recent casual photo

- Potential start date

- Current location

- Ability to commit to a at least 3 month contract

Please provide the job reference

\#Russia 

when you apply!