---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-08T14:50:53.332Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-08T14:50:52.341Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-08-049b6341-d5d7-4b97-b58e-da45f9f89c9d.md
published: true
url: 049b6341-d5d7-4b97-b58e-da45f9f89c9d/index.html
_type: Article

---
**English Teacher: **Kindergarten to Middle school

> ELE is a reputable institute. We have over 150 branch academies all over 
> South Korea.   
> Looking for a teacher in Gwagnju/Mokpo in Jeollanamdo province. 
>   
> If you are interested in this position please contact Director Kim: [getmemice@naver.com][0]
> 
> \*\*\*Position details\*\*\*   
> \*School: ELE Academy   
> \*Location: Mokpo/Gwangju 
> City(Jeollanamdo) / South Korea   
> \*Full time hours: around Monday to Friday 
> 9:30am - 7:00pm   
> \*Age range: Kindergarten to Middle school. 
> 
> \*\*\*Salary and benefits\*\*\*   
> \*Salary: 2.2 million won or above depending on 
> experience.   
> \*One month severance payment after completing your 12 month 
> contract.   
> \*Medical insurance: 50/50 between you and ELE Academy.   
> \*flight 
> paid to South Korea.   
> \*Free housing will be provided.   
> \*Paid vacation plus 
> all national holidays off. 
> 
> \*\*\*Required qualifications and documents\*\*\*   
> -A minimum of a Bachelor's 
> degree in any field and a TEFL/TESOL/CELTA certificate. Other ESL teaching 
> certificates may be accepted.   
> -Criminal background check completed or soon 
> to be.   
> -Your university transcript. 
> 
> Please make sure the above documents 
> are apostilled and notarized or soon to be. 
> 
> Application process: Please submit a resume, photo and reference letter to 
> Director Kim at the e-mail address below. (If you have been employed in Korea 
> previously, please provide us with the contact details of the employer).   
> [getmemice@naver.com][0]  
> 



[0]: mailto:getmemice@naver.com