---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-19T14:48:13.205Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-19T14:48:12.727Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-19-aa38fdc4-4d6b-4d48-9016-4a1bbcad581d.md
published: true
url: aa38fdc4-4d6b-4d48-9016-4a1bbcad581d/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Urgent- Foreign Teachers needed ASAP for full time teaching positions at E-connect in beautiful Hai Duong, Vietnam**

Salary: $1500 usd/month for a target of 60 teaching hours-salary guaranteed- Over time you will be compensated at the standard rate.  
Opportunity for advancement: Your wage will increase for every year you work with our company

1st year = 25usd/hour  
2nd year = 28usd/hour  
3rd year =31usd/hour  
4th year = 33usd/hour  
5th year = 36usd/hour

If you are flying from E.U. or N.A. you will be compensated up to 1000usd for your flight-half payed on arrival, half payed upon completion of your contract.

If you are flying from within Asia you will be compensated 500usd-the same rules apply

Work Permit and Residency card will be provided free of charge when teachers provide necessary documents

Letter of invitation and business visa on arrival will be provided by E-connect.

Ammenities provided:

1) Room and board will be provided to you

2) hot water, internet and other bills will be payed for you

3) Free tailored business apparel for special meetings

Holidays and time off:

1) Weekends are free unless you are asked and agree to extra-curricular activities for which you will be compensated for.

2) You will have all national holidays free-with pay

3) Summer- June 1-July 10  
a) ten day tour of Viet Nam with and provided by E-connect  
b) 1 month unpaid vacation to do with as you please.\*

\*teachers also have the option to work for some or all of this time period for standard pay per lesson at special venues.

Pick up

1\. Letter for business visa supplied to teachers

2\. pick up from the airport

3\. 1 week of break to relax and orient yourself.

Basically, not a bad little deal, My name is Duncan and I am the Director here-for further details and/or to apply, please send an email to:

[nativeteachers@e-connect.edu.vn][0]and/or[d.griff.88@hotmail.com][1]

if you would like to apply please include your CV and any supporting documents as an attachment to your email.

Regards,

Duncan Griffiths.

Director-E-connect Hai Duong.

[0]: mailto:nativeteachers@e-connect.edu.vn
[1]: mailto:d.griff.88@hotmail.com